welcome back to horror recaps today i
will be showing you a thriller slash
drama from 2017 titled super dark times
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the story begins when we see a broken
window in a high school classroom
inside the room is a dead deer students
surround the deer and look at it in all
when the police arrive they tell
everyone to leave
as they do one of the officers kicks the
deer's corpse
zach taylor and josh templeton are two
high school students
the boys are at zax rating the girls in
their school's yearbook
as they do so they get to a girl named
allison bannister
both zach and josh seem to be interested
in the girl then they decide to go to
the supermarket to get some food
as they wear jackets and boots josh
complains about the cold
they go to the market on their bicycles
where they meet a friend daryl and a guy
their age named charlie
then they get food from the supermarket
along with a packaged dry squid
the boys try the squid and hate it they
leave for the town bridge
it is closed for some reason but they
still go inside and hang out
later the duo separates from the group
as they walk to zack's home
they come across a group of bullies zach
urges josh to ignore them
but josh attacks the leader when he
mentions his brother the bully dominates
josh but eventually lets him go
on his way back josh curses them zack
then takes him to allison's house
he knows it from their previous bus
route josh tells him that he likes
alison because of an incident
at art class when she had glue over her
hands which reminded him of sperms
zach jokingly shouts penis which causes
someone to turn the lights on in the
house
they flee from there they finally get
back to zack's house and his mother asks
them if josh is staying
she is relieved to hear he is not
because she hasn't made food for three
people
after josh leaves zack's mom tells him
that some girl named alison had called
him
surprised he goes into his room with the
phone and calls her back
allison's brother picks up the call and
tells him that he is not there
but she shouts from behind to give her
the phone she then invites him and josh
to her birthday party happening at
megan's
the following day they are at school
zach notices allison in the hallways and
stares at her
just then josh comes from behind him and
starts talking
after school the duo along with daryl is
at josh's house
they talk about his brother and daryl
asks to see his room
his room is filled with pictures of
girls and collective weapons
daryl jumps on the water bed and finds a
stash of wheat on the side table
he pleads to josh to try some but josh
refuses
saying that his brother will ask for
them when he is back he then proceeds to
show them his brother's katana sword
it is sharp enough to cut someone they
watch it in awe
josh then suggests they slice milk
cartons with it
so the group leaves for a meadow nearby
charlie from earlier is there too
as they cut the water-filled cartons
with the katana daryl starts smoking in
the back
when asked what it is he tells them that
it is a cigarette but they soon realized
that he had stolen weed from josh's
josh gets mad at him and asks for his
stash back but daryl denies
they get into a fight and zack separates
them in anger
josh calls daryl poor this makes daryl
furious
so he attacks josh again this time josh
has the katana sword in his hands
as they are fighting josh mistakenly
stabs him on his neck
the group is mortified as they watch
daryl bleed in the ground
zach panics and takes the katana out to
help daryl but instead
this causes him to lose more blood daryl
stands up and starts to run
zach and josh follow him and find him
lying on the ground
zach puts his hand on daryl's neck to
check if he is bleeding but is disgusted
by all the blood
he vomits as josh cries and apologizes
the three of them hide the body and the
sword and flee
on the way to his house zach punches a
wall in frustration and hurts his fist
when he is home he is surprised to see
allison waiting for him with his mom
they go to his room where he mends his
wound and talks to her for a while
they are almost about to kiss but stop
midway after alison leaves
zach goes to bed the following day josh
doesn't come to the school
when school ends zak goes to see charlie
he acts as though he has never been
friends with josh and tells him he
doesn't remember that day
he wants to have no association with
them after hearing that
zach goes to josh's home to check upon
him he knocks on the door
but josh doesn't open it zack is back
home and anxious
just then his mother asks him about
daryl daryl's mother called her and said
he hadn't been home since yesterday
she also mentioned that he was at josh's
zach lies to her and says that daryl was
never at josh's
worried his mom asks him to always stay
close to the house
that night zach gets a nightmare about
daryl he has a sharp pain in his stomach
when he wakes up
it is because of the medicine he took
because he couldn't sleep
the following day everyone at school is
talking about daryl going missing
the school announces that they are just
rumors and encourages anyone who has
seen daryl to report it to the office
that day after school zach again goes to
josh's
this time his mother opens the door she
tells him that josh has not been feeling
well
she knocks on his room but he doesn't
answer still
she lets zach go in he goes into josh's
room to find him playing video games
he tells him that this is not the right
time to draw attention so he should come
to school
both of them cannot sleep at night zach
wants to go to the crime scene again to
check on the body
but josh is against the plan josh still
has daryl's bag
he decides to burn it but zach asks him
not to do anything before discussing it
with him
after sitting there in silence for a
while zach loses his control and tells
josh that it was just an accident
he then invites him to allison's party
but josh hasn't had much sleep
so he denies it the next day zach falls
asleep in his classroom and dreams about
going to where they hid the body
he removes the leaves to reveal that
daryl's corpse has changed to allison's
in the dream he kisses her as josh
watches them from behind
later he is in the library where he
hears a bunch of kids say that josh got
in trouble for cursing at his teacher
he spies on josh in his detention class
later that night
he goes to allison's party and is
welcomed by megan he goes to see
allison and finds her in a room with
several other people she kisses him on
the cheat to greet him
just then he sees josh in the room as
well they all sit down
and josh gives allison some weed as a
birthday gift
zach takes him aside and inquires about
the weed but josh dismisses it
their bully senior john wickham asks
josh about the weed
he promises to link him with a dealer
seeing everyone smoke
zach leaves the party but is stopped by
allison outside
she tries to kiss but he stops
eventually he leaves the party
the next day zach is in his classroom
when a guy in his class tells him that
john wickham
who was at the party last night was
found dead apparently he fell off the
bridge
he and allison talk about john later
that day after which he walks her home
she kisses his forehead and asks sack to
come over but he doesn't answer her so
she goes inside
when zach reaches his home his mom isn't
there
she has left a message on the answering
machine telling him that she will be
homely
he takes a torchlight and flees to the
place where they hid daelin's body
he searches for it and finds daelin's
decaying corpse but the katana sword is
nowhere to be found
he rushes back to his house again and
calls charlie he tells him that josh
might have killed john wickham
zach thinks that josh has taken the
sword from its hiding slashed dalen's
fingers with it
and also killed john charlie dismisses
his claims and tells him never to call
again
later that night zack's mom comes home
with joshua zack asks him what he is
doing there
he also tells him about the missing
sword they argue back and forth for a
while
after which josh leaves zack's mom heard
about john's death
she is worried about her son the
following day zack goes to josh's house
when nobody answers the doorbell he
takes the keys from under the doormat
and breaks in
he then searches for the sword in his
room but doesn't find it
he goes through his recent calls to see
allison's number in the recent dial
zach quickly rushes to her house
thinking she might be in trouble
but alison is not there she is at
megan's house
josh is with them too he has brought the
sword wrapped around on a beach towel
meanwhile alison's brother answers the
door he tells zach that she is at
megan's
he then hurries to megan's house josh is
there to sell them weed
he offers it for free in hopes of
impressing allison the girls are still
unaware of the sword
they go into megan's room to smoke josh
follows from behind with his sword still
hidden in the towel
the girls offer josh the blunt but he
refuses to have it
alison asks what is inside the towel he
shows them the sword
megan is fascinated by it and plays with
it while alison lays on her bed smoking
zack on the other hand seems to have
forgotten megan's home
he runs around the street looking for it
when he finally finds it
he goes inside without ringing the
doorbell he takes a little shovel as a
weapon and carefully goes upstairs
he opens her door to reveal a dead and
bloodied megan lying on the bed while
alison is tied with christmas lights on
the side of the room
josh is looking at himself in the mirror
with no distress as zach tries to open
the door
josh notices and quickly closes it from
the inside
he tries a few times to break into the
door but is unsuccessful
so he runs outside and shouts for help
but no one is around
he then somehow manages to break into
the room through the windows
just then josh gets out of the door and
runs away but alison and megan are still
there
he unties a scared alison and tries to
calm her down
looking for josh he carefully goes
outside and then downstairs
zach is startled when josh attacks him
through the hallways
he attacks him with his sword and almost
kills him zach is injured and bloodied
when he reminds josh that he is a friend
and tells him to stop
but josh doesn't listen and chases him
outside he stabs him with a sword when a
neighbor sees them fighting and stops
them
the police arrive at the scene as the
paramedics are checking zach
he sees josh inside the police car a few
months later
allison recovered from the injuries she
sits in her classroom
and we see three scars on the back of
her neck make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching
[Music]
you